Remove FAQ and fix links (#86)
ezsystems/user-documentation: docs/creating_content_basic.md

    If you are using [[= product_name_ee =]],
    you will have the *Page* Content Type available for selection.

>     Pages are edited in the Page Builder, see [site_organization/working with Page](site_organization/working_with_page.md) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You edit Pages in the Page Builder. 
    For more information, see [site_organization/working with Page](site_organization/working_with_page.md) section.
```

In image options you can select an image variation.
Variations can include different sizing options and other filters that are applied to images.
Available image variations must be configured at the developer level.

> See [Images](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/master/guide/images/) for a technical guide on how to do this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about configuring image variations, see [Images](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/master/guide/images/).
```
